This mod is not suitable for children--Or those who are easily disturbed
This mod is an unofficial fan work--unaffiliated with Team Salvato
This mod is not suitable for children--Or those who are easily disturbed?
This mod is not suitable for children--Or those who are easily dismembered
This mod is not what you think it is--It is up to you to finish what you started
You are my sunshine--My only sunshine
I missed you--
Play with me--
It's just a game, mostly--
yrgybreyiweyrfy--
null--
I have granted kids to he- --
All my planned FNF Mods died for this--
So this sort of thing, really is your fault--
Have you backed up your persistant for Monika After Story?--
Just Monika--
If this mod gets trashed again--so help me...
Hello Bijju Mike--
New story!--Let's go!
The best mod of all time--100%
But hey, that's just a theory--A GAME THEORY!
Ultimate Visual Novel Rhythm Game--
Dsfan2 x Monika--
Monika for president! Vote now--
Mod is back--Bottom text
Dan Salvato--What an honorable man
Monika is still best girl--You can't change my opinion
"Who cares about that obnoxious brat?!"--
Shoutout to Team TBD--
Play FNF x DDLC--It's actually good
FNF Sayori's Notebook is a cool mod--You should play it sometime
Only brave souls play Vs Monika.exe--
Good bye, my crumbling mental stability--
Fashionably late--But here it is again...
It pulls the strings--And makes them ring
Shoutouts to bbpanzu--For da epic modz
The FNF Fandom is a literal hazard--
The virgin Psych Engine--The chad Psych Engine DS
With everlasting funk---Dsfan2
I sure hope this doesn't end up being--A Doki Doki Disaster...
Welcome to The Literature Club!--
Natsuki is not cute--
Yuri's got some mental issues--
Monika x Senpai = die--
Never gently open the door--
Monika is not the villian, you are--
What do with a poem?--Yuri'd it
A little bit of Monika in my life--
Every day, I imagine a future where--I can be with you
Monika's the unsung hero of this mod--You're gonna have to trust me on this...
Special thanks to my OG Artists--SANTIAGO GAMER FAN, Dusk, & BlueSkies
Too many lines--My head hurts...
DDTO+ & it's Bad Ending are epic--But this mod is too
I made a Psych DS port for this mod--It was pain...
Feel familiar to you?--I know it's familiar to me
PLAY THIS MOD AND YOU WILL [Die]--IT'S THAT GOOD!
Dread him, run from him--You cannot escape Spamton G Spamton
Everything that broke is fixed--I hope...
Check out SuperStamps--He does cool music
MC is such an afterthought--That's why he's not here
If DusterBuster can include Va11hall-a in DDTO+--Then I have every right to include Bowser Jr here!
E--
THIS KINGDOM IS ALL MINE!--SO YOU VANISH!
Redone sprites--They look AWESOME!
We really took our time with this--To make this mod the best it can possibly be