When Yuri gets ice cream, she prefers to have both chocolate and raspberry together. Quite an odd combination, at least mint chocolate chip is acceptable, unless you hate Amanda The Adventurer.
Dandere is an anime character trope that involves a character being shy and quiet, yet wanting to make friends. It's name in Japaneese literally derives from the words for silence and lovey-dovey.
I originally wasn't gonna change Yuri's soundfont in this version, however, after multiple convising messages from lead artist 5hark, I made the decision to also change Yuri's soundfont too... Sorry Santiago...
I think Yuri has 2 hairclips, one on each side. Yuri's original sprite shows her hairclip on her left hair bang. But there are certain CGs that have Yuri's hairclip on her right hair bang.
Yuri would probably be considered as the most normal of the literature club... you know... before Act 2 happened... of course...
Who knows how tall Yuri canonically is? All we know is that Yuri is the tallest member of the literature club, but probably not as tall as me. :)
For some reason, the Switch release is the only one of the console versions of DDLC Plus that is the least censored... Nintendo why?
The Portrait of Markov is the book Yuri reads in DDLC. And if you're DDLC brainrotten like me, you'll probably know that people have claimed that the book contains foreshadowings to Dan Salvato's next game... that we never got...
Yuri canonically makes Oolong tea during the events of the original DDLC. It's unclear why she likes that kind of tea spesifically, but I ain't complaining.
Character heights have never been officially confirmed... But if they were they likely would've come from a deleted post on Twitter.
You might assume Yuri might look to be the oldest, but no. It's been confirmed through DDLC Plus that every character in the literature club is at least 18 years old. Oh boy...
Please support my artist, music, & charting friends that helped with this mod. They are awesome people <3